"Tom, it's me. Jerry."

The cat opened his eyes in surprise.

"Jerry?" he asked, noticing that he wasn't speaking cat language anymore.

The mouse handed him a mirror.

The shocked cat dropped it after seeing his new face.

"We're human" he said unbelievingly.

"Yes, I think the mysterious redditor we stumbled upon earlier was some kind of wizard."

Tom took his words into consideration.

"Oh, well, I don't care." he said stubbornly, standing up on his new legs.

"What are you doing?" said Jerry, slightly scared.

"I'm hungry.” said Tom dangerously close.

"You can't eat me! We're both humans now! Don’t you need time to process all of this..?!"

But it was too late.

Tom jumped on Jerry, causing them both to fall on the hard, wooden floor.

"Are you crazy!?" shouted Jerry, trying to push him off him.

Tom wasn't listening.

He licked Jerry’s big human ear for a taste.

A shiver ran through Jerry's spine.

Tom bit the same spot he licked a bit more firmly.

"Ah!" shouted Jerry.

His hips lifted themselves on their own account and rutted, rubbed against Tom's crotch.

The cat felt his human firmness press into Jerry’s.

"What was that, Jerry?" asked, intrigued.

"Let me go and I'll show you" said Jerry gasping, exasperated by the sensation.

Tom willingly got up and off his mouse companion where in the blink of an eye caused Jerry to now be laying on him, pinned by none other but the smart mouse.

"What the hell?" said Tom demandingly. “You tricked me.”

"Don't worry" said Jerry assuringly, "You will like this, I think."

And with that Jerry kissed him.

Tom was shocked.

He closed his eyes and lips in disgust.

Tom then felt the mouse's wet tongue slip between his lips, trying to force them to open.

He opened them hoping that it won't harm him in any way.

Jerry's tongue was exploring every angle of Tom's mouth.

He started probing him to join the fun.

Tom hesitantly touched Jerry's tongue with his own.

They started playing a little game for dominance, rolling their tongues, like a dance of who would be more dominant.

For Tom it was getting too hot in the room.

His body was over sensible and every touch was flaring, radiating hot.

Tom couldn't stand the heat.

He backed away and separated their lips, only a trickle of saliva connecting them to each other.

Jerry moved closer to repeat the kiss but Tom’s human hands stopped him.

"It's strange, let me catch my breath." vented Tom with his eyes dazed in lust. “Is this wrong?”

"People do it all the time..." said Jerry a little impatiently. “Maybe this is why you were always chasing me... To catch me. To finally live this out.”

"But we're not the same species! Even when we're like this, we're different! I should eat you!"

"Oh, please" snorted Jerry "You had over thousand chances to eat me and look. I'm still alive and well. And hard."

Crimson stained Tom's white face.

The mouse slowly kissed him on the cheek, admitting submissiveness.

"And you know why's that?" Jerry whispered into his ear "Because we're not just some cat and mouse. We're Tom and Jerry. Forever friends and enemies. And now we have a chance to become much more. Let it out on me. Just let all these years out on me.”

Jerry slowly started taking off Tom's khaki pants, earning a Tom a groan of relief from the startled cat.

"Trust me" said Jerry, touched the tip of the Tom’s erect manhood. “Maybe the wizard Demetri knew what he was doing when he did this to us...”

The cat opened his mouth in a wordless cry, but was speechless.

He couldn’t believe Jerry was stroking him, and how right it felt.

Satisfied with how Tom bucked into his hand, Jerry gripped Tom’s pelvis to help lower himself to his knees, feeling the heat of this old friends groin on his cheek.

Then he took all of Tom into his mouth and started suckling, getting used to the skin tugging back and forth on his new human lips.

Tom’s knees immediately wanted to give out, breath hitches.

Jerry felt content knowing Tom was definitely enjoying himself.

He continued bobbing his head up and down, driving Tom mad, tongue reaching up to his nose, softly biting to keep from moaning.

He stopped Jerry.

Tom pulled Jerry’s face in his palms to face him and licked his lips that were just doing such a good job.

"What kind of trap have you gotten me into" Tom grinned smiling "If we're going to do this, we're doing it my way".

Jerry smiled back, his friends taste growing more familiar and enjoyable in his mouth with each passing moment.

"Take off your pants."

Jerry did as he was told.

Jerry’s own member was painfully hard as well, leaking pre-cum.

"Turn around, rat" Tom playfully demanded.

Jerry did what he was told and presented his beautifully human ass shamelessly before Tom.

It was Tom’s turn to lower himself onto his knees.

Jerry felt something small enter his puckering pink hole.

It was Tom's tongue darting in and out, trying to relax the mouse before the real action was about to start.

Tom felt the grip and hold of the mouses hole around his tongue, giving him a preview of what he was about to get to dig into.

He couldn’t control himself, Tom removed his tongue and lifted himself, leveling his groin to Jerry’s ass, teasing, preparing.

Tom entered Jerry, slinging in slowly, feeling like they were becoming one.

A scream of pain escaped Jerry's throat.

But that didn't keep Tom from rutting in, as deep as he could.

Jerry’s animal instinct was saying that the pain will subside eventually.

Tom started rocking his hips, first slowly, experimentally, testing the walls of his old friend, feeling him grip him in all the right ways, cradling him in all the ways he wished his little friend would.

When Tom hit one spot deep inside of Jerry, his pained sob changed into needy moan.

Jerry hungrily started moving with Tom in an even rhythm, letting him know he wanted more, so much more.

“Ugh Tom... harder, you pussy.” Jerry groaned, feeling his friend deep inside of him, stimulating his new human prostate. “Give me that dick cheese.”

Tom thrusted faster and faster.

“Jerry fffffuuxxxx” Tom moaned, his eyes rolling back. “Sneaky little rat, I found your hole and it’s tight.”

Neither were hardly breathing, with only sounds of pleasure escaping their lips, smacking skin on skin, gripping, holding.

Tom felt he couldn't last longer, and with the final hard thrust he felt an eruption from deep inside him spilling into his little mouse friend.

The feeling of the hot liquid pouring inside of Jerry, made Jerry reach his limit too, only a few seconds after his dim.

He orgasmed all over the carpet floor, the puddle of cum pooling below the two of them, as Tom leaned all his weight on him, pressing Jerry into the carpet as they lay there in a heap of satisfaction.

Nothing mattered, their breath fast, as they held one another.

Moments later, the wizard opened the front door to Tom's and Jerry's house.

Demetri walked into the living room, as he saw two pantless boys were sleeping on the soft carpet, the one spooning the other.

“This is what they wanted all along.” Demetri said smiling. “This is what we all wanted.”